capstone/README.md, before:

# MelodyLounge -- CS50W Final Project

# About
MelodyLounge is a music streaming platform, similar to Spotify, Apple Music, etc. 
MelodyLounge is also completely mobile responsive. The main features of MelodyLounge is included as a single page application,
which makes the application run blazingly fast as you do not have to load an entirely new page any time you switch tabs in MelodyLounge.

There are three main tabs in MelodyLounge. The profile tab--which lets you see songs which have been uploaded by you, the search tab--which lets you search for songs and other artists, and finally the playlists tab which lets you view, edit, create, and delete playlists which you have created.

Each song that appears on MelodyLounge tells you information about that song. The song's author and title are shown, as well as options to add said song into any
of your playlists. On the right is a button which lets you play said song. If the song which you are viewing is part of a playlist's songs that you are viewing, you will get the option to remove said song from playlist. 

When you open the playlists tab, you are shown a menu which shows all of your playlists. Clicking on any of the playlists will show you the songs in said playlist, and the playlist title is visible on top. Clicking on the playlist title will show a textbox, which lets you reword the title of said playlist. You will also have the option to
delete the playlist that you are viewing. The delete button is directly under the playlist title. 

When you click on the play button for a song, the song comes below right above the play button. Clicking on the author of the song will take you to a tab where you can see all songs by the
author. You will also have the option to add the song to any playlist which you have created. 

# How to Run
To run MelodyLounge simply run `python manage.py runserver` and the server should be up and running.

# Distinctiveness and Complexity
MelodyLounge is distinctive and complex as it is a very powerful and blazingly fast application, and the main features of the app are done in a single page, which allows for fast loading, and better caching. MelodyLounge also makes use of state-of-the-art security practices for protection from malicious practices. Every request which manipulates any data is checked to see if the user has permission to perform such actions.

MelodyLounge also involves gorgeous, simplistic, and modest UI, with a compeltely responsive layout, which lets MelodyLounge be accessed regardless of device, screen size, or other such factors. MelodyLounge also offers the functionality to let users download songs they listen to so that they can listen to their favorite tunes, regardless of wether they have internet or not.   

# What Is Included in Each File?
TODO

Commit message:

next song in playlist automatically play after current song ends

capstone/README.md, after:

# MelodyLounge -- CS50W Final Project

# About
MelodyLounge is a music streaming platform, similar to Spotify, Apple Music, etc. 
MelodyLounge is also completely mobile responsive. The main features of MelodyLounge is included as a single page application,
which makes the application run blazingly fast as you do not have to load an entirely new page any time you switch tabs in MelodyLounge.

There are three main tabs in MelodyLounge. The profile tab--which lets you see songs which have been uploaded by you, the search tab--which lets you search for songs and other artists, and finally the playlists tab which lets you view, edit, create, and delete playlists which you have created.

Each song that appears on MelodyLounge tells you information about that song. The song's author and title are shown, as well as options to add said song into any
of your playlists. On the right is a button which lets you play said song. If the song which you are viewing is part of a playlist's songs that you are viewing, you will get the option to remove said song from playlist. 

When you open the playlists tab, you are shown a menu which shows all of your playlists. Clicking on any of the playlists will show you the songs in said playlist, and the playlist title is visible on top. Clicking on the playlist title will show a textbox, which lets you reword the title of said playlist. You will also have the option to
delete the playlist that you are viewing. The delete button is directly under the playlist title. 

When you click on the play button for a song, the song comes below right above the play button. Clicking on the author of the song will take you to a tab where you can see all songs by the
author. You will also have the option to add the song to any playlist which you have created. 

# How to Run
To run MelodyLounge simply run `python manage.py runserver` and the server should be up and running.

# Distinctiveness and Complexity
MelodyLounge is distinctive and complex as it is a very powerful and blazingly fast application, and the main features of the app are done in a single page, which allows for fast loading, and better caching. MelodyLounge also makes use of state-of-the-art security practices for protection from malicious practices. Every request which manipulates any data is checked to see if the user has permission to perform such actions.

MelodyLounge also involves gorgeous, simplistic, and modest UI, with a compeltely responsive layout, which lets MelodyLounge be accessed regardless of device, screen size, or other such factors. MelodyLounge also offers the functionality to let users download songs they listen to so that they can listen to their favorite tunes, regardless of wether they have internet or not.  

MelodyLounge comprises of models for Users, Songs, and Playlists. The communication with the server-side and client-side code happens via JSON. The `Song` model comprises of fields for the author, title, and a true/false value to mark wether the song is explicit or not. The model is programmed to automatically get rid of the song audio file uploaded during the creation of the `Song` model, via the `delete()` function present in the Song model class. This makes it so that when we delete a song from the Django admin interface, we do not have to manually locate the audio file and delete it ourselves--it is all done automatically.

The Playlist model comprises of fields for the playlist author, title, and a field which is a collection of different objects of type `Song`. 

All the models have `serialize()` functions in their class to make the conversion to JSON easier, which lets us send data about the class to the client. 

# What Is Included in Each File?
In `views.py` all the functions that handle returning views and APIs are stored.
